h1. Refinery CMS Events

*This repository is not maintained anymore.*

Events is an event calendar engine for "Refinery CMS":http://refinerycms.com/ . It offers the ability to view, query and manage events. 

Events can be exported as iCalendar and therefore be subscribed by iCal or a similar application.

h2. Features

The events engine has the following key features:

* multiple categories support
* iCalendar export of events
* multiple start and end times per event (for recurrent events)
* different locations for recurrent events (optional)
* geocoding of locations to show Google Maps links and/or embedded maps (optional)

h2. Requirements

Refinery CMS version 1.0.9 or above.

h2. Installation

To install, add refinerycms-events to your @Gemfile@ and run `bundle install`:

<pre>
gem 'refinerycms-events'
</pre>

After Events is installed, you will need to generate the migration files and migrate your database:

<pre>
rails g refinerycms_events
rake db:migrate
</pre>

h2. How to contribute

If you find what looks like a bug:

# Check the "GitHub issue tracker":http://github.com/beyama/refinerycms-events/issues/ to see if anyone else has reported issue.
# If you don't see anything, create an issue with information on how to reproduce it.

If you want to contribute an enhancement or a fix:

# Fork the project on github.
# Make your changes with tests.
# Commit the changes without making changes to any files that aren't related to your enhancement or fix.
# Send a pull request.

h2. License

Designed and created by "Alexander Jentz":http://beyama.de, Germany. 

MIT License. See the included MIT-LICENSE file.
